.. sectnum::

General information
===================

#. The following privacy policy is intended to inform our customers and all users of the website https://opsone.ch about the collection, processing and use of their personal data.
#. Ops One AG, Zurich, ("Ops One") is the provider of the services on https://opsone.ch and the responsible body in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
#. OOps One collects, processes and uses the personal data exclusively in accordance with the content of this privacy policy and the applicable Swiss data protection regulations.

User data, their collection and use
===================================

#. If you wish to use our services, the registration will collect the data we need to provide and control the services. By registering you give us the consent that all data will be collected according to your registration. This applies in particular to: 

   * Name and address of the customer / user 
   * Name and first name of the contact persons 
   * E-mail address 
   * Phone number
   * Agreed uses / services

#. Ops One also collects, processes and stores personal information that you have voluntarily communicated (for example, in forms or otherwise on the website operated by Ops One) in electronic or other communications and that Ops One requires to provide and control the services.
#. If you contact Ops One - for example via a contact form or by e-mail - your details will be stored for the purpose of processing your request. This also applies in the event that follow-up questions arise.
#. In order to enable the use of the services and the website of Ops One, Ops One collects the following information about the user's access: date and time of the website access, extent of the data transfer, the point of access, the browser type and version used, operating system the user's device, URL of the previously visited website, the IP address, information about the user account.
#. Ops One stores the access data collected only for the limited duration of the use of the services of Ops One.
#. Ops One will use the information you provide only to provide the services you request, while ensuring compliance with the "Terms and Conditions", to answer inquiries, for statistical purposes and to optimize the offer.
#. To maintain ongoing customer relationships, it may also be necessary for us to use data to inform you of our offers.
#. A transfer of the personal data of the customer / user by Ops One does not take place, if the customer / user did not expressly consent to the transfer or Ops One is entitled or obliged to transfer it due to legal provisions or court orders.

Use of cookies in website use
=============================

#. Ops One also collects data via the use of so-called browser cookies and the user's local browser memory. Cookies are small text files that store settings and data on the data carrier of the access device for exchange with the Ops One website and are transmitted with each access. These allow Ops One's website to recognize the identity of the access device and make any presets immediately available. The browser memory is a way to store data on the data carrier of the access device that the website has access to during the visit. 
#. In all common browser types, a feature is provided to restrict and / or prevent the storage of cookies or data in the browser memory. However, the use of this feature may result in a loss of functionality and, in particular, the convenience of using the website.

Twitter
=======

#. On our website you will find a link to the microblogging service Twitter. These features are offered through Twitter Inc. and use of this service is at your own risk. By using Twitter and the "Re-Tweet" function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and shared with other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter.
#. We point out that we are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. For more information, see Twitter’s privacy policy at https://twitter.com.
#. You can change your privacy settings on Twitter in the Account Settings at https://twitter.com/account/settings ändern.

Github
======

#. On our website you will find a link to the website of Github, USA. The use of Github is at your own risk.
#. We point out that we are not aware of the content of the data transmitted by you and their use by Github. For more information, see the Github Privacy Statement  https://help.github.com/articles/github-privacy-statement.

Google Analytics
================

#. Ops One uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on users' computers and that allow an analysis of the use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about the use of this website (including the IP address of the users) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate users' use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators, and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google will also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will in no case associate the users' IP address with other Google data. Users can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly; however, we remind users that in this case not all features of the website may be fully exploited. By using the website, users agree to the processing of the data collected about them by Google in the manner described above and for the purpose stated above.

Location of data storage / data security
========================================

#. The data transmitted by you to us will be hosted and stored on our server located in Switzerland. We have taken current technical and organizational security measures to protect personal data from loss, destruction, manipulation and unauthorized access.

Rights of the user
==================

#. Right to information: The customer / user has the right to know the stored personal data concerning him, its origin, which transmission took place and the purpose of the storage by Ops One.
#. Right to deletion and / or blocking: The customer / user has the right to demand the deletion and / or blocking of the personal data stored about him at any time, as far as there is no legal storage obligation for Ops One. As far as such personal data are included, which are necessary for the provision of services to the customer, the deletion or blocking of these data can only take place, if the customer no longer uses the services of Ops One and the contractual relationship is completely settled.
#. Right of revocation: All consents given by the customer / user for the use of personal data can be revoked by him at any time.

Data that you make available to third parties via our services
==============================================================

#. We have no control over data and information which you send to external third parties directly via the services of our website or through the use of our services or which you make available to operators of websites which are hosted by us. Solely you, together with the operators of these websites, are responsible for the security and protection of this data. You must also contact the relevant contact person directly regarding the blocking or deletion of data that you have passed on to this third party.

Modification of the data protection declaration
===============================================

#. Ops One reserves the right to make changes to the privacy policy at any time with effect for the future. All users are asked to inform themselves regularly about the current privacy policy.

Legal bases
===========

#. This privacy statement is based on the provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (FADP) and the Ordinance to the Federal Act on Data Protection.

Applicable law and place of jurisdiction
========================================

#. The use of our services and our website is subject to Swiss law. Exclusive place of jurisdiction is Zurich, Switzerland.

Contact us
==========

#. Please address all requests for information about personal data, for deletion and / or blocking of stored data, revocations of consent as well as general questions about the data protection declaration by e-mail to team+legal@opsone.ch or in writing to the contact information given on the website. Your enquiries will be answered promptly by e-mail.

Stand |today|, Ops One AG, team+legal@opsone.ch
